Welcome, in this video, we're going to create our first GitHub organization.
I'm currently logged into GitHub on my personal account, "jasongtaylor".
By default I land on my newsfeed page.
You can see that I have a list of repositories over here,
as well as repositories that I contribute to. If I go over to the dropdown for my user id,
I see I have an option to switch to organizations that might be listed here,
which I currently don't have any, and I have the option of creating a new organization.
Also, if I go over to the big plus mark, "Create new...",
I also have the option to create a new organization.
Starting off from either place is fine; since I'm here I'm going to click on "New organization".
Great, all organizations require that you have a personal account set up first, which we do.
On the create organization page, let's fill out the information for this form.
For organization, the organization name is equivalent to your username.
And when we type our organization name, GitHub is going to search
to make sure it doesn't match an existing username or organization name.
If I type a name that already exists, I'll be warned that the username
or organization name is already taken. I'm going to create an organization called
"my-organization-example" with dashes in-between the words. Once I completed typing it,
GitHub verified that this username or organization name is available.
All organizations must have an email address associated with it.
Then, at the bottom, choose the appropriate plan;
by default, you'll be on the "Open Source" plan,
which for our use will be perfectly fine since we'll be just creating public repos.
Once you have finished filling out the form, click on the green "create organization" button.
Great, now that you've done that, you've successfully created your organization.
By default, GitHub will land you on the invite organization members.
This assumes that you have other people that you wish to invite to this organization.
We'll cover this later, so for now we'll click finish.
Great, once we've finished up we land on the "my-organization-example" profile page.
To return to your newsfeed page, click on the octocat icon.
From the newsfeed page, we have the option now to dropdown and select our organization.
Doing so switches us to the organization's newsfeed page.
If we wanted to return to the organization's profile page
we could click on "View my-organization-example".